---
layout: post
title: My Boruto Shattered Hourglass Restoration Fan Fictions
description: My fictions, life experiences, and stories.
---

## Chapter 1: The Shattered Hourglass

* **1.1 The Clear Room Briefing:** The time-displaced Boruto (with Momoshiki inside), Sarada, and Himawari (with puppy Kurama inside) from Boruto 2 Blue Vortex era find themselves in a white void after the Omnipotence rewrite. A divine entity briefs them on their mission that the world can be restore up to the night of Naruto's birth which also gave them a chance to fix the timeline tragedies. Memories of the future are prepared for download into all characters' past selves with strict order Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura, Hinata simultaneously 1 year before Uchiha Coup D'etat, then Hatake Kakashi during bell test and after that, the rest are unlockable by triggering special events. Before they depart, they are shown what happened on that night which are Minato using Shiki Fujin to seal the Kyubi inside Naruto and some of Minato's and Kushina's chakra inside as well so they may meet Naruto even a brief moment in the future to help Naruto control the Kyubi, how Kushina complained why Minato is risking his life when Kushina can sacrifice herself so that Minato can live and watch Naruto grow up, Kushina asks whether it is for the country, the village, bijuu balance, and said that none is worth to sacrifice Minato as well giving Naruto the burden but Minato rebuted that abandoning the country and abandoning the village is the same as abandoning one's children and said Kushina should know how harsh life is without having a nation and additionally this is not only for them and Kushina but for Naruto as well that he needs both his father and mother even for a moment in the future and above all they are a family of Shinobi which in the end they agree that as parents are willing to die for their children and finally Kushina's last words to Naruto which she ended up crying because there are so much more she want to say and apologize to Minato for taking all the remaining time but Minato said is okay because what he wants to say to Naruto is the same as what his loud / nagging mother said and ends with 8 pentagram seal. Eventhough Boruto is matured now but back when he was a genin he used to despises his Dad because he is rarely around busy being hokage and that maybe not having a father is better where this revelation gave him reflection and more clarity. The revelation also very impactful for Sarada and Himawari as well.
* **1.2 The Night of the Red Moon:** They arrive precisely during the Nine-Tails attack before Minato use Shiki Fujin. Armed with future knowledge and absolute mastery of their skills, they dismantle Obito's plan. The main methods are Boruto as Otsutsuki fought and hold off big Kurama, then Sarada use her Mangekyo Sharingan to break big Kurama's mind control, and finally Himawari with puppy Kurama knock big Kurama into his senses to return his memories. Minato and Kushina are saved from death, fundamentally altering the timeline.
* **1.3 A Fox's Bargain and the Three-Way Seal:** Instead of a tragic sacrifice, Kurama negotiates with Minato using future Naruto's memories of their partnership. Minato agrees to cooperate and Kurama is sealed safely using a new, stabilized Three-Way Seal into Minato, Kushina, and Naruto. Therefore, there are 4 Kuramas where the 4th one is in Himawari.
* **1.4 The Namikaze Surveillance Escort:** As Boruto, Sarada, and Himawari preparing to escape using Boruto's style Flying Raijin, Minato stopped them because they are life saviours. Instead of being label as rough ninjas, by Minato's 4th Hokage authority cover them as distant relatives and became Minato's personal agents. To persuade the others, they are also under the pretense of being fully monitored.
* **1.5 The Ageless Guardians:** Flashback In the Clear Room, all those who are not supposed to be born yet that appears early will be ageless until their era come. Minato disguised this as Kekkei Genkai. Boruto, Sarada, and Himawari watched over their parents while intel gathering for years until 1 year before Uchiha Coup D'etat where one of their mission is save Hyuga Hizashi.

## Chapter 2: New Konoha

* **2.1: A Hokage's Tears** Just 1 year before the Uchiha Coup D'etat memories belonged to Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura, and Hinata simultaneously restored. As Naruto cannot control his overwhelmed emotions cried and hugged Boruto, Sarada, and Himawari which blows the cover to Minato and Kushina. They all finally revealed to Minato and Kushina their true identities.
* **2.2: The Secret Council of the Namikaze** Although Minato's and Kushina's memories have not been restored yet, they fully support their true identities. With Boruto already marking Sasuke, Sakura, and Hinata summoned them here. A reunion of children body parents with their taller teen kids.
* **2.3: The Harmonization Strategy** The most urgent problem is the Uchiha Coup D'etat. Danzo and his Root is not the root problem but the accusation and isolation of the Uchiha is the root problem. The solutions are officially declare the innocence of the Uchiha, the police force are no longer just the Uchiha but open for public, and have Sasuke invite kids from outside Uchiha to hangout at his home.
* **2.4: The Opposed Hokage's Edict** Minato planned to declare the Uchiha's innocent. While having the support of Hiruzen, got opposed by Koharu, Homura, and Danzo. Therefore the edict is no longer possible.
* **2.5: Uchiha Playdate Protocol** Sasuke invited all his generations Naruto, Sakura, Hinata, Kiba, Shino, Shikamaru, Ino, and Choji to his house. Boruto, Sarada, and Himawari are there as well. The Uchiha witness variety of kids together. This creates an opportunity for dinner together between Namikaze household and Fugaku's family.
* **2.6: The Bento Diplomacy** Mikoto agreed to dinner together with Kushina's family in her house because they are good friends. The participants are at least Fugaku, Mikoto, Itachi, Shisui, Sasuke, Naruto, Sakura, Hinata, Minato, Kushina, Boruto, Himawari, and Sarada. Minato will blantly complain to Fugaku and the rest of the family how hard headed the elders are (except Hiruzen) that the Uchiha is innocent. Minato will straightfowardly say that he is willing to support the Uchiha for the peace of Konoha. Other than Itachi and Shisui, Fugaku also sought peace but as the head of the Uchiha, he is having difficult time to manage his clan members. It was revealed before that during that standoff between Itachi and Fugaku, Fugaku showed that Itachi is not the only one who have the Mangekyo sharingan but Fugaku as well. Fugaku never revealed to anyone until this moment because if he did, the clan members will push him to control the Kyubi for the rebellion. He hid it because he sought peace as well but in the end the best he can do is to persuade the rest of the member for stealth revolution by assassinating the elders. Continuing the conversation, they probably already know each that Itachi and Shisui are double agents and Minato will tell them that there is no need anymore unofficially and change their mission to become cool figures for the kids at academy. Another plan than having kids playing in Uchiha ground is having Itachi and Shisui help the kids in the academy and become cool figures there. The other plan is to have Kushina and Mikoto run night market near the Uchihas.
* **2.7: Night Market** This is new, so we can elaborate.

## Chapter 3: The Academy

*The time-displaced adults navigate their childhoods, form their Genin teams, and completely break Kakashi's Bell Test.*

* **3.1: The Academy of Boredom** Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura, Hinata awaken in their childhood bedrooms with their adult memories fully restored. They must attend the Ninja Academy and pretend to be regular children to avoid suspicion. Hilarity ensues as they struggle to hide their abilities from oblivious instructors like Iruka.
* **3.2: The Konoha PTA** Parents of Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura, Hinata, Kiba, Shino, Shikamaru, Ino, and Choji in Academy.
* **3.3: Cool Figures at Academy** Itachi and Shisui practically help the children in academy. Initially the children are reluctant but Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura, Hinata, Kiba, Shino, Shikamaru, Ino, and Choji initiates with Itachi and Shisui which made the other children curious and finally joined. Itachi and Shisui tried to use the opportunity to help with Sasuke's practice. However, Sasuke declined (to remind that Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura, Hinata are adults in children body) with other kids agreeing and complaining that they the cool Uchihas should spend more time with them as they can spend time with Sasuke in their house after school.
* **3.4: The Serene Heiress** Hinata sparred with multiple Hyugas flawlessly without a scratch and no longer intimidated by the elders. This spark Hiashi's curiosity and followed Hinata taking Hanabi as well to join the dinner between Namikaze household and Fugaku's family because Hinata fruquently had dinner there. The dinner starts the exchange between the other clans working in the Police Force.
* **3.5: The Join Patrol** Hiashi and Fugaku while having a conversation actually have the common of the headache of being the clan head. This establishes a bond between them. During the patrol, they made achievements impressing the civilians.
* **3.6: The Anbu Babysitter** Kakashi baby sitting Boruto, Sarada, and Himawari. Kakashi chose to hide behind the shadows to relax while watching but got caught by them instead. They then taught Kakashi to enjoy life.

3.7 The Shuriken and the Forehead Poke

## Chapter 4: The Genin Reborn

* **4.1: The VIP Bell Test** The bell test newly formed team 7 vs Kakashi witness by Minato, Kushina, Fugaku, Mikoto, Itachi, Shisui, Hinata, etc. Right before starting, Kakashi's memory returns and terrified of fighting Naruto, Sasuke, and Sakura with their memories restored. Kakashi went all out from the start while Naruto, Sasuke, and Sakura not realizing Kakashi's memory returns until using his Mangekyo Sharingan to phased in and out his body and transfer in and out from the other dimension.
* **4.2: The Interrogation of Team 7** Interoggated by Fugaku, Mikoto, Itachi, and Shisui but not by Minato and Kushina because they have been briefed that the memories of Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura, and Hinata restored.
* **4.3: The Namikaze Debriefing** Kakashi cannot talk freely during the interrogation because the Uchihas' memories have not returned but here he can. As Kakashi was briefed that Minato and Kushina have been told the whole story, Kakashi express his happiness that Minato and Kushina are alive in this world as in the previous world they died adding more to his sadness after young Obito's and Rin's death leaving Naruto lonely during his young days. This triggers Minato memories after fourth great ninja war and Kushina memories after helping Naruto calm Kurama the second time and finally sees Naruto completely and truly feel the joy of having Hinata as daughter in law, Boruto as grandson, and Himawari as granddaughter.
* **4.4: The D-Rank Disasters** Finishing all missions in a flash until no more missions left.

## Chapter 5: The Vacation in the Land of Waves

*Team 7 turns a lethal A-Rank assassination mission into a relaxing vacation, baffling Zabuza and Haku.*

* **5.1: The Bridge Builder and the Tourists** Mission briefing in hokage office.
* **5.2: The Puddle of Regret** Leisurely took care of demon brothers.
* **5.3: The Demon of the Hidden Mist** Team 7 (with their adult memories) encounters Zabuza Momochi. Instead of a life-or-death struggle, they completely overpower him leisurely. Kakashi gets caught in water prison on purpose to read his book and let Naruto, Sasuke, and Sakura take care of the rest.
* **5.4: The Water Dragon** Elevating the canon where Kakashi copy the signs Zabuza made but here Kakashi already cast water dragon before even Zabuza gets to begin.
* **5.5: The Tracker Ninja Gets Diagnosed** Fake death does not work with Sakura here.
* **5.6: Backstage Passes and Hokage Wisdom** Break where Boruto, Sarada, and Himawari reveals themeselves to join the break.
* **5.7 The Resignation of Zabuza Momochi:** Realizing he is hopelessly outmatched by these terrifying "Genin," Zabuza and Haku abandon Gato's employment. The Wave Arc is resolved peacefully and efficiently, turning a traumatic historical event into a bizarre, wholesome vacation for Team 7.
* **5.8: The A-Rank Slide Show** Boruto, Sarada, and Himawari present funny moments from their camera during their watching of team 7 doing their missions in hokage office.
* **5.9: The Nostalgia Tour / The Hokage Debrief** Explaning why they did fuma shuriken and other iconic scenes because to honor the past that it was this mission that form the foundation of team 7.

## Chapter 6: The Uchiha Truth and Exam Preparations

*The surviving Uchiha clan heals, and the overpowered Genin prepare for the Chunin Exams.*

* **6.1: The Dojutsu Book Club** Kakashi and Sarada uses the Mangekyo, Himawari and Hinata uses the byakugan, Boruto uses the Jogan, Naruto activated sage of six path, and Sasuke using his Rinegan to see the Uchiha stone tablet to erase black zetsu's edit.
* **6.2: The Uncle Itachi and Shisui Revelation** Itachi and Shisui came witnessing different eyes but Kakashi's, Sarada's, and Sasuke's mangekyo sharingan along with his rinegan triggered Itachi and Shisui memory and also finally can see Sarada as their niece.
* **6.3: The Legacy of the Uchiha** Naruto, Sasuke, and Sakura registered of chunin exam. After that Sasuke, Boruto, and Sarada train shuriken together. Then Itachi and Shisui came and joined.
* **6.4: The Handsome Devil** Lee, Neji, and Tenten meet team 7.
* **6.5: The Ph.D. Genin and The Timeout Room** Team 7 and Hinata with their memories restored does not need to cheat to answer Ibiki's exam and answered flawlessly. Then during Ibiki's iconic give up now that if fail now will remain genin forever but the four was not intimidated and instead critique him. This forces Ibiki to call them to a timeout room in order to not ruin the exams for the others.

## Chapter 7: The Forest of Trauma

*Orochimaru realizes he is entirely outmatched as the time travelers turn the Forest of Death into a playground.*

* **7.1: The Consent of Death** Sakura correcting the consent form.
* **7.2: Traumatizing the Snake** Team 7 vs Orochimaru.
* **7.3: The Five-Day Vacation** First to arrive and wait until preliminaries.
* **7.4: The Gentle Forfeit** Hinata flawlessly outmanuvered Neji but forfeit in order for the iconic Neji vs Naruto.
* **7.5: The Pink-Haired Administrator** Lee vs Gaara and after that Sakura prevented major damage on Lee and healed him.
* **7.6: The Fastest Preliminaries in History** Ino forfeit but ask Sakura to tutor her, Naruto beat Kiba, and Sasuke wins.

## Chapter 8: The Month of Preparations

*Jiraiya meets his overpowered godson, Tsunade is located, and Danzo's Root is dealt with.*

* **8.1: The Toad Sage and the Seventh** Jiraiya does not want to be bothered while peeking so impose Naruto to meet requirements like summoning technique, rasengan, and sage mode which Naruto does instantly and Jiraiya have no choice but to follow which was the beginning of Jiraiya's memory to unpuzzled.
* **8.2: The Street Performer's Return** Recognizing Boruto as the street performer during Urashiki's arc in Namikaze household and with Boruto confirming triggers Jiraiya's memories.
* **8.3: The Paperwork** Sakura prepares paper work for Tsunade to sign and then go to find Tsunade with Jiraiya, Naruto, Boruto, and Himawari.
* **8.4: The Migraine and the Medic** Arm wrestling between Sakura and Tsunade in order to get her to return to the village and during the duel saw Boruto and Himawari causing migranes and Tsunade lost the duel.
* **8.5: The Migraine and the Memories** Orochimaru comes intending to offer his reviving technique but before he even offer, Tsunade say that she is not healing his arms. This makes Orochimaru confused and says his arm are alright and Tsunade snap back and was also confused what she was actually saying. Then the rest came. Orochimaru not only look and Jiraiya but knew he should retreat after facing Naruto, Sakura, and Sasuke in the forest but more than that, looking at them including Boruto and Himawari is giving him migranes. Sakura release Sōzō Saisei saying today is not the time Orochimaru and Orochimaru left because of the migrane. Finally Sōzō Saisei is the final trigger for Tsunade's and Shizune's memory unlock. 
* **8.6: The Namikaze War Room** Jiraiya, Tsunade, and Shizune visits Namikaze household to inform that their memories return. Then all with previous world memories gathered which are Boruto, Sarada, Himawari, Kurama, Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura, Hinata, Kakashi, Minato, Kushina, Itachi, Shisui, Jiraiya, Tsunade, and Shizune. Discuss the coming problem of Konoha attack and Danzo along with his Root.
* **8.7: The Root of the Problem** Striking Root now is inefficient and will breed chaos. Take it slowly and gather intel. The first move is returning Yamato's and Sai's memories.
* **8.8: Captain Yamato's Return** Team 7 along with Boruto and Sarada return Yamato's memories.
* **8.9: The Muscle Memory of Love** Mean while after the preliminaries, Sakura kept her promise of teaching Ino frequently and everytime during the lesson Ino gets it easily because it somehow all of them were familiar. Then have Ino meet Sai to trigger her memory. After Ino remembers, she hugged Sai tightly because she missed him and this triggers Sai's memory. Lasly, Inojin is restored.
* **8.10: The Canvas and the Curse:** Reunion with Inojin and how to integrate Inojin to current Konoha. Minato with Kushina's teachings remove Sai's curse mark on his tounge. Then discuss further to navigate Root.

## Chapter 9: The Tournament and the Thwarted Invasion

*The Chunin Exam finals take place, the Sand Siblings are saved, and Orochimaru's invasion is completely shut down.*

* **9.1: The Sweating Snake** Orochimaru's logic that attacking current Konoha is suicide but dejavu pushed him instinctively that this is what he was meant to do.
* **9.2: The Illusion of Control** Naruto vs Neji conversation.
* **9.3: The Weight of Hard Work** Naruto not using any abilities but pure skills defeated Neji.
* **9.4: The Troublesome Epiphany** Shikamaru vs Temari and this is special. Unlike others, shikamaru is more matured than his peers but saw Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura, and Hinata more matured than him. He deduced that maybe it is a time traveler mind set. He tried and it worked making him very strong not realizing it was muscle memory like Ino. Then when fighting Temari, he was flawless but the twist when he is about to forfeit because it is too troublesome, a shadow clone of Temari appears behind him smacking his head saying something like don't you dare forfeit because it is too troublesome, I don't want a son like that. Then Temari find it strange why she instinctively said that. For Shikamaru however, those words added with his observation of Naruto, Sakura, Sasuke, Hinata, and recently Ino restored his memory. After that, Shikamaru rushed to forfeit and quickly drag Temari away saying they have to go quickly (to the waiting room).
* **9.5: The Nara Logistics** Shikamaru's declaration to Temari that he will lecture their son triggers Temari memories. Shikadai restored applauding Shikamaru for quick thinking in dragging Temari away or else he may appeared in the stadium. Nara family joined Naruto, Sakura, Hinata, Ino, Hinata, Boruto, Sarada, Himawari, and Inojin on the audience stand.
* **9.6: The Uchiha Flex and the Falling Feathers** Sasuke vs Gaara ending with the attack on Konoha begins. Only genins below are affected by the genjutsu except for those with memories restored. Kankuro will try to rescue Gaara but Temari with her memory restored said no need because Konoha will rescue him and seeing Temari's family Shikamaru and Shikada restores Kankuro's memories.
* **9.7:  The Uchiha Lockdown** Gaara begins to release Shukaku. Itachi, Shisui, and Sarada using their mangekyo sharingan along with Sasuke's Rinegan to hold down Shukaku. Fugaku and Mikoto witnessing these eyes triggers their memories. 
* **9.8: The Fox, the Raccoon, and the Fist Bump** Himawari and Kurama knock Shukaku's head. Shukaku's memories restored. Shukaku restores Gaara's memories.
* **9.9: The Scientific Epiphany** The barrier in the Kages' seats are formed and as the 3rd and 4th Hokage confronted Orochimaru, he did what anyone least expected which is sitting down sulking about being done with dejavus and not wanting to do anything and sends message to his forces to stop. Jiraiya and Tsunade broke the barrier and joined but Orochimaru sulked that he already surrendered. Then he look at Shikadai and Inojin helping the civilians, Himawari done with Shukaku, with all showing striking resemblance with their parents, looking at Boruto floating in the sky observing the whole situation, and finally Sarada with striking resemblance to Sasuke and Sakura, murmuring new team 7, he restored his memories.
* **9.10: The New Deadlock and the Bleeding Kage** Orochimaru's stop message have not reach the 3 giant snakes so Naruto, Sasuke, and Sakura performed summoning jutsu where Hiruzen recognize them as the new 3 ways deadlock that triggered his memories. Orochimaru informed that the Raasa can still be saved needing Tsunade to heal and Minato to teleport. Mitsuki restored but with Orochimaru in a hurry only gave briefed parental love to Mitsuki and left but there are Boruto, Sarada, Himawari, Inojin, and Shikadai to welcome him.
* **9.11: The Late Snake and the Jonin Debrief** Orochimaru, Minato, and Tsunade arrived at Raasa and saved him. Orochimaru bluntly apologizes. They then take Raasa to Konoha.

## Chapter 10: The Golden Aftermath

*The post-invasion cleanup, the resurrection of Rasa, and the massive, emotional family dinners.*

* **10.1 The Awkward Resurrection:** Following the thwarted invasion, the Hokages and all with memories restored gather in the underground chambers. The numbers of memories restored became large. Rasa (the Fourth Kazekage) is resurrected to face his children, leading to a tense but ultimately healing reunion where he repents for his past actions.
* **10.2 The Golden Reunion:** The Sand Siblings (Gaara, Temari, Kankuro) regain their future memories of peace and family. They share a deeply emotional moment of closure with their resurrected father, officially solidifying the Sand Village as Konoha's unbreakable ally. This time, Shukaku is there to support them.
* **10.3 The Dispersal:** Hiruzen Sarutobi, exhausted by the sheer scale of the day's miracles, officially suspends all ninja duties indefinitely. He orders the entire village's leadership and the time-travelers to go home, rest, and spend time with their newly restored memory families. The ones left at the office are Hiruzen with Jiraiya, Tsunade, Orochimaru, and Mitsuki.
* **10.4 The Hyuga and Grandfather Awakening:** It is after Chunin exam where Hiashi, Hinata, Hanabi, Hizashi, and Neji invite Naruto, Boruto, and Himawari to the Hyuga house hold. First is to thank Naruto for freeing Neji. Then when starting to thank Boruto for saving Hizashi, Hiashi suddenly remembers and immediately rushed and lifts Boruto up with both hands like dotting grandfather lifting his grandson because he is too cute like shown in Boruto anime and Boruto got lifted and said something like to put him down grandpa because he was caught off guard. Then Hanabi remembers as well grabbing each Boruto's and Himawari's pants complaining that her current body is too small to lift her nephew and niece up. After a while, they finally calmed down and since Neji and Hizashi are there anyway, they deserve an explanation. Neji sees Hinata marrying Naruto restored his memories and see Boruto and Himawari as nephew and niece.
* **10.5 The Namikaze-Hyuga Ambush and Hamburger Interrogation:** A massive, chaotic family dinner takes place at the Namikaze household. Hiashi and Kushina fight over Boruto, who is then relentlessly teased by Naruto, Minato, and Kushina about his obsession with Thunder Burgers and his "relationship" with Sarada. Boruto complained that there are his mom and grandma commenting on his favourite food but said Sarada commented the most. Kushina asked "Sarada?". Naruto explained she is daughter of Sasuke and Sakura. Hiashi added that means grand daughter of Fugaku and Mikoto. Kushina asked whether both of them are dating. Boruto said no in panic. Himawari objects saying that Mitsuki said differently. Boruto said to Himawari to not make it worse and looks at his dad. Naruto gave a thumbs up where Boruto sees as not helping. Boruto finally looks to his mom that she knows the truth but his mom is puzzled "eh, she is not?". Boruto said "Mom!". Kushina then said this is one of her happiest day of her life where she can become family with Mikoto.
* **10.6 The Pride of the Uchiha and Confession:** At the Uchiha compound, Fugaku and Itachi are stunned to learn Sarada awakened her Mangekyo Sharingan out of love to save Boruto from Omnipotence, breaking the Curse of Hatred. Shisui and Sakura mercilessly tease Sarada until she finally admits her feelings for Boruto out loud. Sakura complained that during Sarada's academic days, everyday there is always conversation about stupid Boruto this and stupid Boruto that. Sarada said previously that her classmate Sumire told her to be honest and not lie to herself so she gave up and confessed. Fugaku approved and Mikoto just like Kushina said this is one of her happiest days that she can finally become family with Kushina. Itachi said that his intuition told him that the exact same thing is happening in the Namikaze and Hyuga household. Sasuke said this is strange. Sakura told Sasuke not to break the mood. Sasuke said that is not it that being with Boruto for so long especially took him as a student, Sasuke approves but the problem is living on the same roof as Naruto.
* **10.7 The Convenience Store Convergence:** Seeking an escape, Sarada and her uncles went into the convenience store. Coincidentally ran into Boruto, Himawari, and Mitsuki, realizing both households suffered the exact same interrogation. Their 12-year-old parents walk by, and Sasuke suffers a hilarious existential crisis upon realizing he will become Naruto's brother-in-law.
* **10.8 The Joined Dinner:** Not only with Mitsuki joining dinner between Namikaze household and Fugaku's family but Hyuga joined as well. Fubaku complained that it is too crowded but Hiashi does not care because the motivation is that Hyashi as dotting grandfather will have dinner where his grandchildren (Boruto and Himawari) are. Kushina will fight over to have her grandchildren for herself with Hiashi because this is time when she can be with them without Hiashi Kushina thought. However then, Kushina surrendered as here she have something new which her new to be grand daughter in law Sarada. Failing to realize this, Hiashi also immediately went to Sarada saying to Kushina that she is also going to be his grand daughter in law as well where they instead reigniting fighting over. Mikoto will chuckle saying that this time she have her cute to be grandson in law Boruto and his sister Himawari. Meanwhile, Sasuke complained to Naruto why he always try to steal Sasuke's food and be annoying. Hinata and Sakura actually puzzled asking Naruto that even previously as adults, this never happened and the first seeing him like this. Naruto will answered that being a kid now reminds him of being a kid back then where he was always humiliated by Sasuke back then and this is pay back.
---