# Nurarihyon no Mago Canon Outline

## From nurarihyonnomago.fandom.com

# Manga

## Volume 1 Becoming the Lord of Pandemonium (魑魅魍魎の主となる, Chimimōryō no Nushi to Naru)

### Act 1 Becoming the Lord of Pandemonium (魑魅魍魎の主となる, Chimimōryō no Nushi to Naru)

Outside a large house in Ukiyoe Town, a girl with a scarf searches for the house's young master, an 8-year old boy named Rikuo Nura who she finds seemingly crouching on the ground in pain. When she approaches, she suddenly finds herself launched into the air and hung upside-down from a tree by her feet. The girl is a yōkai called Yuki Onna, and Rikuo cheerfully races off after she falls into his trap. Two strange-looking men in monk robes find her hanging from the tree only to fall into a trap themselves \- a ditch dug beneath the first. Rikuo and his two yōkai helpers flee as the robed men shout.

In a Japanese eatery, Rikuo sits with his grandfather Nurarihyon, supreme commander of all yōkai, and excitedly recounts the pranks pulled earlier in the day. He then asks if Nurarihyon will pass down the emblem of the third, and his grandfather says maybe after Rikuo has become more like a yōkai. Determined, Rikuo announces that he will do his best to become a great yōkai leader and then asks if yōkai are really as strong as his grandfather says. Nurarihyon proceeds to explain about yōkai and the days of his youth, and then exhibits a show of his power \- by fleeing from the eatery unseen with Rikuo.

The following morning, Rikuo is greeted by a wide variety of yōkai in his house's hallway who help him get ready for school \- among them Yuki Onna and the two robed men, whose names are Aotabō and Kurotabō. Racing out to catch the bus, Rikuo meets up with a friend named Kana who chides him for his tardiness. As the bus pulls away, several yōkai watch and wonder if Rikuo, as a human, will be able to lead the Nura Clan.

At school, Rikuo beats his classmates in a race and, when they complain about his speed, he declares it's because his grandfather is the supreme commander of all yōkai. Back in the classroom after gym class, a boy named Kiyotsugu gives a presentation on yōkai legends, after which Rikuo voices his confusion over yōkai being evil. He tries to explain how yōkai are actually good guys, as per his own experience, eventually shouting that he knows all these things because his grandfather is Nurarihyon. Kiyotsugu smugly informs Rikuo as to the type of stories associated with the yōkai Nurarihyon before proudly announcing that his classmates have nothing to fear as yōkai aren't real. When Rikuo tries to interject, he is silenced by two of his classmates.

After school, at the Nura household, Rikuo glumly sits on a step throwing rocks into a pond. Kubinashi, a yōkai whose head hovers above his shoulders, passes by, telling Rikuo to cheer up as Nurarihyon is having a big meeting and he wishes for Rikuo to attend. Inside the house, a procession of yōkai fill the hallway as they head toward the meeting room. Once they are all settled, Rikuo and his grandfather enter as well and take their seats at the head of the room. Nurarihyon exchanges pleasantries with the yōkai present, who ask him the reason for the meeting. Grinning, he says he thought he'd choose someone to be the Third. Gagoze, a yōkai who resembles a sharp-toothed mummy in a tattered cloak, is put forward as an excellent candidate due to the sheer number of his evil deeds. Nurarihyon, however, names Rikuo for the position and those present are shocked. Rikuo shouts that he doesn't want to be the Third, didn't know the sort of evil things yōkai did, and races from the room declaring he isn't anything like them. His grandfather is stunned at this sudden change of heart and his advisor Mokugyo Daruma questions if Rikuo is in fact Nurarihyon's biological grandson.

The following day as Rikuo walks toward the bus leaving school, Kiyotsugu and another classmate mock him because of his outburst the previous day. As he is feeling down, Kana bumps into him and tells him to just ignore their classmates' mocking. She cheers him up by saying that wanting to become a great person who stands over the servants of his household isn't anything to be ashamed of, and Rikuo realizes that most people are scared of yōkai, so he shouldn't talk about them anymore. The bus drives away and the girl seated beside Kana mentions a legend of kids being kidnapped from school buses in the area. Kiyotsugu stands up and declares his research proves that yōkai don't exist, just as a yōkai who resembles Gagoze appears behind him and the bus is buried in a landslide of rocks. Several others who resemble Gagoze crouch on the overpass and stare at the rubble, stating that Rikuo was undoubtedly on that bus.

The sound of cawing reveals a crow-headed yōkai named Karasu Tengu carrying Rikuo and flying back toward the Nura household. Rikuo asks if he's human, and is told that a quarter of his blood is still that of a yōkai. They arrive at the Nura household, where Yuki Onna and others run over to greet them. On the news is a report of a school bus having been buried alive, and, realizing Kana was on that bus, Rikuo decides he has to save her. Rushing out, he tells several of the yōkai to come with him but is stopped by Mokugyo Daruma, who states that the idea of leading an army of yōkai out to help humans is absurd. Rikuo silences the argument that follows by declaring that if he can't lead them because he's human, then he'll stop being human, and his appearance changes. Kubinashi and Mokugyo Daruma suspect that the bus was targeted because the culprit was trying to kill Rikuo, and the yōkai forces of the Nura house follow him to the site of the accident. There, some of the smaller yōkai begin digging at the rubble.

Below, the children from the bus notice the Gagoze supporters lined up along one wall, and Gagoze himself declares that they will have to slaughter everyone because there are too many survivors. As they swarm toward the children, a collection of yōkai smash through the wall with Rikuo (now in his yōkai form) at the helm. Kiyotsugu panics at the sudden knowledge that yōkai are real and Mokugyo Daruma confronts Gagoze on the latter's assassination attempt. Realizing that Rikuo is alive, Gagoze and his supporters attack but are defeated by the Nura Clan forces. In a last-ditch effort to regain control of the situation, Gagoze threatens to kill Kiyotsugu, Kana and a third classmate as they are Rikuo's friends, but Rikuo prevents him from doing so and slices him in half. Declaring that he will take the position of Third Head, Rikuo states he will become the master of all yōkai and never forgive anyone who is an enemy of humans. Mokugyo Daruma realizes that a yōkai's true fear lies not just in causing terror, but also in inspiring awe. As light shines down from the broken ceiling, Rikuo collapses and reverts back to his human form. The yōkai around him realize in a panic that he can only take on his yōkai form for a quarter of the day because his blood is only one-quarter yōkai.

A few years later, the Nura Clan is holding another meeting and Nurarihyon is frustrated that not even one council member would agree to Rikuo as the Third. A 12-year old Rikuo in his school uniform is seen in the hallway greeting the various yōkai of the household before telling his grandfather not to do any evil deeds. Rikuo leaves for school and Mokugyo Daruma points out that the former seems to be becoming a fine human, rather than a fine yōkai. Nurarihyon despairs, wondering when Rikuo will take the position of Third so he can retire.

### Act 2 Rikuo, Walking the School at Night (クオ、夜の学校をねり歩く, Rikuo, Yoru no Gakkō o Neriaruku)

The chapter begins with some students discussing a rumor about Ukiyoe Middle School having an old school building, where spirits supposedly run amok.

Meanwhile, at the Nura House, Karasu Tengu informs Rikuo that the world is in a yōkai boom and urges the latter to take up leadership of the Nura Clan already. When reminded of the events from four years prior, Rikuo shouts that he doesn't remember anything about them and Nurarihyon adds that at this rate, he'll die before Rikuo takes over his position. Rikuo, however, is very adamant about living his life as a normal human and leaves for school after discouraging several Nura Clan members from turning up around the neighborhood.

While walking to school, Rikuo mistakes the approach of Kana to be that of Karasu Tengu but is saved from having to explain himself by the appearance of Shima, asking for the homework Rikuo had done for him. Upon entering the classroom, Rikuo and Kana are greeted to the sound of Kiyotsugu explaining how yōkai do, in fact, exist. When he mentions his childhood savior and subsequent desire to meet him again, Rikuo inwardly hopes that Kiyotsugu never finds out that that "savior" was him. Kiyotsugu talks a group of students into investigating the old school building with him, and thus Rikuo finds himself waiting at the base of a hill with Kana, Kiyotsugu, Shima, and two previously unknown students named Tsurara and Kurata. As the group traverses the building, Rikuo discovers that it is home to a large number of yōkai and manages to repeatedly prevent his classmates from encountering them. Entering the last unexplored room, the group stumbles across a trio of yōkai eating an animal carcass, and the yōkai immediately attack. While Kiyotsugu and Shima faint from shock and Kana shuts her eyes in fear, Rikuo panics about not being able to protect his classmates after all \- until a familiar voice brushes past him. He is surprised and then horribly confused at the sudden appearance of Yuki Onna and Aotabō, who defeat the attacking yōkai easily. They then reveal themselves to have been the two students from earlier, and tell Rikuo that they have been accompanying him in that fashion since the events of four years ago.

### Act 3 Rikuo, Angering the Sworn Brother (リクオ、義兄弟に怒られる, Rikuo, Gikyōdai ni Okorareru)

Returning home from school one day, Rikuo finds a group of yōkai eating expensive pastries. At first he accuses his grandfather of having stolen them, but he is told that they were a gift from the visiting Yakushi Clan yōkai Zen. Rikuo peeks into a large open room to see an angry-looking Zen seated and waiting. They exchange a cheerful greeting, as it has been a fair number of years since they last saw each other, and Rikuo wonders why Zen is at the main house. Yuki Onna, Nattō Kozō and several unnamed yōkai watch from the doorway, wondering aloud the very same thing until Rikuo tells them to be quiet and apologizes for how lively things are. Meanwhile, Yuki Onna decides to usurp another yōkai's job of bringing tea in, but trips and spills the contents of both cups on Rikuo. Zen explodes at her, threatens to kill her for harming his sworn brother, and then just as quickly settles back into his seat and smiles while asking Rikuo what sort of pranks he's pulled lately. They then have a disagreement as a result of Rikuo wanting to live a human life and Zen being disgusted by the former's attitude toward becoming the Third. Their argument sends Zen into such a fury that he launches his poisonous feathers and makes to leave \- stopped only by the excitement causing him to cough up blood. Everyone makes a frantic attempt to help him.

After Zen has left, Karasu Tengu explains to Rikuo how the yōkai of the Yakushi Clan have weak bodies, and Rikuo shouts at his grandfather, declaring that Nurarihyon talked Zen into coming in order to preach about becoming the Third. When Rikuo calls it a cruel tactic because of Zen's weak constitution, Nurarihyon gets annoyed and leaves \- but Rikuo doesn't end his tirade against the Nura Clan and its supposed purpose. Karasu Tengu spreads out a map of the Nura Clan's territory and teaches Rikuo about the inner workings of the group, and how its true purpose is to protect the large number of weak yōkai beneath the Nura group's banner.

Meanwhile, Hebidayu, an anthropomorphic snake yōkai traveling with Zen, tries to console the latter by declaring they don't need the Nura Clan's power. Zen admits that he doesn't have much life left, and says he is happy that at least the last bit could be used for the Nura Clan's sake \- all the while, he remembers when he and Rikuo interacted as children and how different Rikuo was compared to the present. The pair arrive at the Yakushi Clan's headquarters, and a cluster of shadowy forms are seen conversing about it being the perfect time to eliminate Zen.

Back at the Nura Clan main house, Aotabō and Kurotabō have found a bottle of expensive sake which turns out to be Rikuo's. Taking the bottle back, Rikuo declares his intention to go apologize and properly explain himself to Zen. He and Karasu Tengu board Oboro-guruma and head for the Yakushi Clan's headquarters... where a building has exploded into flames. The fire is Hebidayu's handiwork, and Zen draws his sword in fury at the betrayal \- but he is immediately struck by another coughing fit. While Zen is immobilized, his former subordinate attacks. Overhead, Rikuo and Karasu Tengu can see the flames and immediately intervene to find Zen on the floor, leaning against his sword. Hebidayu recognizes Rikuo as the supposed third heir and decides this is an excellent opportunity to kill two birds with one stone. Unfortunately, when he launches an attack at the pair, Rikuo in his "night" form intercepts and slices Hebidayu in half with Nenekirimaru. Zen is confused, having never seen Rikuo's "night" form before, but Karasu Tengu is in awe to have seen Rikuo awaken again. Together, they explain the situation to Zen, who says that in this form, Rikuo could easily become the Third. Rikuo offers him the bottle of sake, and Zen asks if they can exchange sakazuki in order to become Rikuo's true sworn brother, rather than just a hand-me-down from their parents. Rikuo agrees, saying he'll protect Zen, and they drink. Karasu Tengu muses on how the council members would surely understand if they could only see this version of Rikuo.

Riding back to the main house, Rikuo's "night" form asks how many sakazuki he needs to exchange before other yōkai will accept him/his "day" form as the third heir. He then declares that he will become the next head of the Nura Clan, and Karasu Tengu wonders as to the drastic difference between what Rikuo is saying now and what he had said that afternoon in his "day" form.

### Act 4 Rikuo, Having a Dream (リクオ、夢を見, Rikuo, Yume o Miru)

Dreaming, Rikuo stands beneath the cherry tree outside the Nura House, looking up at the form of his yōkai self sitting on a tree limb. In the morning, he is met with a sudden feast and the yōkai of the Nura House celebrating the events of the night before. However, Rikuo claims no memory and sleepily heads to school while wondering about his dream.

At school, Kiyotsugu is frustrated over having missed seeing the yōkai that were in the old school building and demands that Rikuo tell him about them. Tsurara appears, convincing Kiyotsugu that he mistook some delinquents to be yōkai. Once the latter wanders away, Rikuo drags Tsurara off to explain about how he wants to have a normal human school life. Kana watches them suspiciously until approached by a girl asking for directions to the faculty office. In class, the girl is introduced as Yura Keikain, a transfer student from Kyoto. During a class break, she overhears Saori and Natsumi asking Kiyotsugu about his excursion to the old building and Kiyotsugu's subsequent exclamation of uncovering proof for his theory concerning yōkai. When Yura says that she wants to see that too, Kiyotsugu is ecstatic and calls Kana and Rikuo in from the hallway before announcing that the six of them are now the Kiyojūji Paranormal Patrol. He then invites the group to his house to show them a cursed doll and diary he had bought.

As Kiyotsugu reads the diary, Rikuo notices the doll cry blood and start to move and hastily tries to cover it up. The more Kiyotsugu reads, the more the doll reacts and Tsurara suggests freezing it but her idea is turned down. As the entries reach their climax, Rikuo shouts for Kiyotsugu to stop and the doll takes on a gruesome appearance, attacking with a sword. Several oddly-shaped bits of paper fly toward the doll, exploding on impact, and Rikuo turns as Yura announces her aim to extinguish yōkai from the world as a member of the Keikain onmyōji family.

### Act 5 Rikuo, Present at the Kiyojūji Squad's Formation (リクオ、清十字団結成に立ち会う, Rikuo, Kiyojūjidan Kessei ni Tachiau)

The other members of the Kiyo Cross Squad stare at Yura in shock as the doll yōkai crashes to the ground. Once they have verified that she is an actual onmyōji and the doll is an actual yōkai, Kiyotsugu cries with joy. Confused, Rikuo asks Tsurara what onmyōji are, only to find the latter is in a state of panic at being so close to one. Meanwhile, Yura explains that she is part of the Keikain House, a family of onmyōji in Kyoto, and was sent to Ukiyoe Town as a test. She had heard that the master of all spirits resided there and intends to seal as many yōkai as possible in order to inherit leadership of the Keikain House. Thrilled, Kiyotsugu exclaims that he, too, is searching for Nurarihyon and declares it to be the first mission of the Kiyo Cross Squad. In the corner of the room, the doll yōkai rises up and launches an attack at Kana, but is destroyed by a word from Yura. She then begins to gather up the spilled receipts, shikigami, and coupons from her purse \- while Kiyotsugu and Rikuo stare awkwardly.

Walking back to their homes, Rikuo notices that Kana is in poor spirits and learns it is because she can't deny the existence of spirits after having seen one. As they part ways at an intersection, Tsurara asks why Rikuo had agreed to let the Kiyo Cross Squad meet at his house the following Sunday and fears getting sealed by Yura. While Rikuo attempts to reassure her, several people nearby mutter about an approaching group of delinquents on motorbikes. The leader of this group turns out to be Kurata, who brightens as soon as he sees Rikuo and explains that somehow he ended up becoming the head of the Blood Nightmare Hyakki Yakō Biker Gang.

The trio return to the Nura House to find a party already underway. Inside, a wide variety of yōkai are drinking and making a mess of the room in celebration of Rikuo having once again awakened as a yōkai. In shock and frustration, Rikuo shouts at the partying group and throws something out a window. A small yōkai quietly leaves the room as this is happening, and joins a group of shadowed figures seated in a secluded hut. They state that if Rikuo has, in fact, awakened again, then they will have to eliminate him before it's too late.

### Act 6 Rikuo, Exploring His Home (リクオ、実家を探索される, Rikuo, Jikka o Tankensareru)

In the shopping district of Ukiyoe Town, a disgruntled police officer stumbles across what appears to be a couple having sex in an alleyway. However, when the male of the pair turns around, his face is covered in blood and it is revealed that he was literally eating the woman. As he finishes his meal, a man in a kimono who the former calls "boss" enters the alleyway and chides him.

At the Nura House, Rikuo begs the yōkai living there to stay hidden when the Kiyojūji Paranormal Investigation Squad visits. Though at first the yōkai are disagreeable about having to hide in their own home, upon learning that an onmyōji is going to visit, they become very cooperative. Meanwhile, Kiyotsugu, Shima, Kana and Yura arrive at the main gate of the Nura House and after a short wait, are led inside by Rikuo while various yōkai of the Nura Clan watch anxiously from hiding spots throughout and around the mansion. The group of students settle into an empty room, and Yura is asked to provide some general information about yōkai. She finishes her discussion by adding her intention to seal Nurarihyon, the supreme commander of all yōkai, who supposedly is in Ukiyoe Town. As she is speaking, a woman with long hair, who is actually a yōkai named Kejōrō, enters the room with tea. After she leaves, Rikuo chases after her in a panic and informs the yōkai in the kitchen of the current situation. When he returns to the room, he finds that his guests have gone wandering.

As Yura senses a significant amount of yōkai energy, she begins a thorough search of the premises \- much to the chagrin of the yōkai hiding there. Despite her efforts, however, the Nura House yōkai are well-hidden and remain undiscovered. Once the group returns to their starting room, dejected at having come up empty-handed, Nurarihyon himself enters and proceeds to act like a normal grandfather. After the guests leave, the household yōkai collapse in the main hall with relief.

Heading home through the shopping district, Kana and Yura are approached by a host from a local club. Yura almost immediately identifies him as a yōkai, and he and his subordinates close in on the two girls.

### Act 7 Rikuo, Going to First Street (リクオ、一番街へ行, Rikuo, Ichibangai e Iku)

Surrounded by rat yōkai, Yura summons a wolf shikigami who devours two of them. Kyūso, realizing that he is up against an onmyōji, tries acting friendly toward Yura but is immediately rejected. Angered, he takes advantage of Kana's rat phobia and calls forth regular rats to swarm onto her. Yura is forced to dismiss her shikigami and is subsequently knocked unconscious as Kyūso reveals that the two girls will be used as bait.

At the Nura House, Yuki Onna is overly cheerful that Yura has left. Rikuo is distracted by the appearance of a small Errand Rat Yōkai who introduces himself as a retainer of the Kyūso Clan. The yōkai explains that he had witnessed Kana and Yura being kidnapped, and Rikuo rushes to Club ChuChu following the former's directions. Upon arriving, Rikuo is knocked unconscious and he wakes to find himself inside the club, surrounded by members of the Kyūso Clan. Kyūso himself states that his clan doesn't intend to follow or recognize the Nura emblem any longer, and will never follow a weakling like Rikuo. Upon spotting the captive and unconscious girls, Rikuo demands they be released but is roughhoused by the Kyūso Clan members. When Rikuo declares that he has no interest in becoming the Third Head of the Nura Clan, Kyūso tells him to send out a decree by dawn forfeiting any claim to the title, or else Kana and Yura will be killed.

## Volume 2 Rikuo, Confronting Gyūki (リクオ、牛鬼と対峙する, Rikuo, Gyūki to Taiji Suru)

### Act 8 Rikuo, Confronting the Fangs of Kyūso (リクオ、窮鼠の牙と対峙する, Rikuo, Kyūso no Kiba to Taijisuru)

In Ukiyoe Town's First District, a group of hosts from Club ChuChu celebrate their upcoming victory over the Nura Clan by devouring an unsuspecting female customer. Speaking with his boss, Kyūso states that it would have been easier to kill Rikuo, instead of forcing him to relinquish the title of Third Head. Kyūso's boss replies that the important thing to destroy is hope.

At the Nura House, Karasu Tengu is in a panic over the letter Rikuo intends to send to the Nura Clan board members. Rikuo, convinced it is the only way to save Yura and Kana, desperately tries to convince Karasu Tengu to send out the letter. Suddenly, Nurarihyon enters with a cat yōkai to settle matters. After a brief glance over Rikuo's letter, Nurarihyon rips it to shreds. They begin arguing about the nature of yōkai and Rikuo having brought an onmyōji to the house, but are interrupted by the cat yōkai from before. He introduces himself as Ryōta Neko, the head of the Bakeneko Clan whose territory has been usurped by the Kyūso Clan, and begs Rikuo to save the First District. When Rikuo shouts that he can't do anything due to being human, Ryōta Neko tells him that Kyūso won't keep his word and Nurarihyon ponders as to why the Kyūso Clan hasn't been expelled yet. As Rikuo races out of the room, still shouting about his own weakness, he sees a flash of memory and feels his blood grow hot. His yōkai self speaks from the sakura tree in the yard, and Rikuo recognizes him as the figure from the previous night's dream. The figure leaps from the tree, switching places with the "day" Rikuo, and his awakened yōkai form tells Karasu Tengu to call the everyone together to go rat hunting.

Meanwhile, Yura and Kana awaken inside a massive cage and Kyūso smugly informs them that they will die if the Third doesn't comply with his orders. Yura, confused and frustrated, demands to be released and one of Kyūso's subordinates rips open her shirt while laughing over how powerless she is without her shikigami. As it reaches the designated time, the Kyūso Clan closes in on the girls with the intent to eat them, regardless of Rikuo showing up or not. Before they can lay a hand on their captives, however, a fog rolls in from the doorway to reveal the presence of a Hyakki Yakō with Rikuo's "night" form at the helm. The Kyūso Clan is startled, and Yura realizes that the Hyakki Yakō's leader must be the Nurarihyon she's been seeking. Upon learning that Rikuo didn't send out the letter, Kyūso declares that the girls will die \- but they are rescued by Aotabō and Kubinashi. A battle ensues between the Kyūso Clan and the Nura Clan forces, and Kyūso learns that the figure leading the Hyakki Yakō is Rikuo's awakened form. Frustrated, he morphs into a giant grotesque rat and launches an attack, but is burned to ash by Rikuo's Ougi Meikyō Shisui, "Sakura" technique.

On the rooftop of a nearby building in the shopping district, three shadowed figures watch with discontent. A yōkai smoking a pipe mentions that it was a good idea to use a group that had already been expelled, as it couldn't be traced back to them. He asks agreement of another figure named Gyūki \- the one Kyūso had called "boss." Below, in the empty street, Yura recalls her parting words with the Hyakki Yakō's leader and decides that she has to train harder.

The following morning, a frustrated Zen storms through the Nura house, demanding to know why he wasn't informed of the events from the night before. As shouts ring through the building of Zen having another bloody coughing fit, Rikuo sleeps.

### Act 9 Rikuo, Having a Fever (リクオ、熱を出す, Rikuo, Netsu o Dasu)

The Kiyojūji Paranormal Investigation Squad is having a meeting in the classroom, and Kiyotsugu is beyond jealous of Yura and Kana's recent yōkai encounter. After a few minutes, the group realizes that Rikuo is absent.

Meanwhile, at the Nura House, Rikuo is lying in bed with a fever while Kubinashi, Nattō Kozō and Kejōrō care for him. Zen arrives to assist as well, and talks with Rikuo about the latter's yōkai form. He is disappointed that Rikuo doesn't remember the fight with the Kyūso Clan, having wanted Rikuo's yōkai self to take up the position of Third Head. As Zen leaves to head to a Nura Clan board meeting, he is knocked over by a distraught Tsurara who kneels at Rikuo's bedside and berates herself for having gone to school without realizing he had stayed home.

In another part of the house, the Nura Clan board meeting has begun and the main topic of discussion is the mastermind behind the Kyūso Clan incident. Nurarihyon is annoyed that the council members still won't accept Rikuo, despite the boy having transformed into his yōkai form again, but the Nura Clan's adviser says they should focus on keeping the clan together instead. Nurarihyon asks Gyūki's opinion on the matter, and receives a response weighing both the positives and negatives of Rikuo's abilities and behavior. Several of the other council members glare at him, thinking him to be acting "goody-goody." Nurarihyon discretely asks Karasu Tengu to seek out the traitor, and the latter says he will send his children to do so.

Still in bed, Rikuo stares up at a monstrous bag of ice sitting on his head. The Kiyojūji Paranormal Investigation Squad, minus Yura, show up to check on him and are startled to discover that Tsurara arrived before them. Despite the others accepting Tsurara's quick explanation, Kana remains suspicious of the relationship between Rikuo and Tsurara. Kiyotsugu announces the group's plans for the upcoming Golden Week \- they will meet a yōkai professor on Mount Nejireme.

### Act 10 Rikuo, Going on a Yōkai Mystery Tour (リクオ、妖怪ミステリーツアーに行く, Rikuo, Yōkai Misuterī Tsuā ni Iku)

The Kiyojūji Paranormal Investigation Squad is on a train to Mt. Nejireme and they discuss a legend they're going to hear a professor tell them when they arrive. They pass the time playing Youkai Poker to help them learn more about youkai, with Rikuo always winning, to Tsurara's admiration. Kana notices Tsurara staring at Rikuo and it appears to annoy her. Back at the station, Aotabō is angry at Yuki Onna for leaving him behind, and he sets off after the train.

The kids arrive at Mt. Nejireme and they set off for Umewakamaru Shrine to meet the professor. After climbing the mountain path for a while they spot a shrine, and Rikuo is able to read the sign even though it's too far away for the others. Professor Adashibara greets them there and explains the legend of the mountain. The legend is that a young man by the name of Umewakamaru was travelling through the mountain to search for his mother when he was mortally injured a youkai. His regret at not finding his mother led Umewakamaru to change into an oni that would attack anyone who got lost on the mountain. The shrine they met at is on of many built to placate him. The girls remark that the legend sounds pretty much like a generic youkai legend, so Adashibara tells them to come see something. Tsurara asks Rikuo if he knows any youkai called Umewakamaru, and Rikuosays that he thinks this place is dangerous. Adashibara shows them a giant claw in a tree, freaking out Shima, Natsumi, and Saori.

It's revealed that Umewakamaru is also called Gyūki. The chapter ends with Gozumaru reporting to Gyuuki that "the prey have entered the mountain."

### Act 11 Rikuo, Staying on Mt. Nejireme (リクオ、捩目山に留まる, Rikuo, Nejireme-yama ni Todomaru) 

It starts off with the Sanba Garasu telling Karasu Tengu that Gyuuki is one behind the Kyūso incident. Karasu Tengu then receives a phone call from Aotabo saying his going after Rikuo. Upon hearing Rikuo is on Mt. Nejireme, Karasu Tengu freaks out.

On the mountain Tsurara realizes her phone doesn't work. She's worried about being on the same mountain as the Gyuuki Clan. Tsurara says nothing to Rikuo because he's in his day form, but is determined to protect him. Kana is still confused about why Tsurara keeps staring at Rikuo. Saorii and Natsumi both start whining to go home, with Rikuo supporting them. Kiyotsugu protests that now that it's dark it's more dangerous going down the mountain, and there are no more buses coming anyways. He announces that his nearby villa has top youkai security, which Rikuo has doubts about. Kiyotsugu also points out if something happens they have Yura, an onmyoji.

Adashibara leaves, and Mezumaru is shown to be controlling him like a puppet. Gozumaru tells him Rikuo is constantly surrounded by his aides, though they don't know who the aid is. They agree to split up and take everyone out one by one.

At the Kiyojuji villa the hot springs excite Saori and Natsumi. With the girls occupied, Kiyotsugu tries to announces the boys are going on a nighttime youkai search. Rikuo is opposed to the idea, but agrees to go with Kiyotsugu and Shima to protect them, causing Tsurara to also come to protect Rikuo. Back at the hot springs Kana wonders how Rikuo was able to read the sign last chapter and reflects on how he's changed since he was a kid. When Natsumi asks where Tsurara went Kana becomes worried that she slipped away with Rikuo, and she leaves to go find them. Mezumaru is about to attack the girls' bath.

### Act 12 Rikuo, Leaving on a Nighttime Investigation (リクオ、夜の探索に出る, Rikuo, Yoru no Tansaku ni Deru)

Yura sensed something which makes Saori asking her what she has. She then says that she sensed that someone is watching them which making Saori ‎goes mad. The "someones" who are looking at them are the Gyūki Clan. The girls are then wondering of they are Shikikami's. In the forest, Kiyotsugu, Shima, Rikuo and Tsurara where been seen heading back to the campus. Someone is then looking at Rikuo in the tree's. A flashback has been seen that Gyūki tells his servants that Rikuo must enter the mountain, but they warn them that it is dangerous. Gyūki then says that he has an idea, an conclusion he reached after a long consideration. Kiyotsugu is showing the group a cliff of a yokai spot called "the cave of the hidden cow". Kiyotsugu is explaining the history about it, which Tsurara sees something and tries to protect Rikuo but she accidentally throws him down. It turns out to be an raccoon. Later on, Tsurara is seen to protect Rikuo. After that Tsurara put her head in "one-eye cedar" yokai spot, Rikuo then ask her why she is acting like that. Tsurara explains that she is trying to protect Rikuo. Rikuo then tries to tell her that everything is all fine, but Tsurara says that it isn't fine at all. Tsurara then says that Rikuo is in his human form right now. Rikuo then says that they must protect Kiyotsugu and Shima. Rikuo then says that they are on Gyūki's mountain, and that if something happens, they will be late. Later when they are exploring the forest to see any Yokai, they where having a fork in the road, which that Kiyosugu chooses for right and Shima for left. Kiyotsugu then comes on the idea to separate that each group will take each road. After that they where been split up, Rikuo then goes to Kiyotsugu and Tsurara heads to Shima, but when Tsurara tries to go to Shima, she has been attacked by their secret servant. Tsurara freezes the servants sword. The unknown servant then knows what for kind yokai she is. The unknown servant is then attacking Tsurara, which Rikuo appeared. After that the unknown servant tried to do one more slash to finish Tsurara, Rikuo blocked saying that Tsurara comes from the Nura Clan's Young Master Household, and if he knows this and yet persist Rikuo will kill him.

### Act 13 Rikuo on the Night of the New Moon (リクオ、新月の夜に, Rikuo, Shingetsu no Yoru ni)

After that Rikuo prevented that Gozumaru makes another attack to Tsurara, the two are staring at each other. Tsurara then says to Rikuo that she must do this. Rikuo says that she is badly injured which she shouts telling Rikuo who will protect him, which she falls down. Gozumaru laughs at the fact that Rikuo must be protected by Tsurara. Rikuo wants to know who Gozumaru is and starts to think that he is Gyūki's servants. Tsurara then says that she doesn't know about it and that she was careless and knows that he truly came to kill Rikuo. Tsurara tries to stand, but she can't. Tsurara then says that Rikuo is an human and if he gets hurts, but Rikuo says that he will be fine and that she won't be worry about him. Rikuo then tells Tsurara to stay there. Which Gozumaru starts to attack Rikuo which the two are fighting with each other. Gozumaru has been shocked at the fact that he sees that Rikuo has blocked his attack. The two are battling each other, which Gozumaru uses his Gozu Shadow Claw to attack Rikuo. Gozumaru successfully attacked Rikuo, but Rikuo stands up and still fights Gozumaru. The claws starts to become more, but Rikuo has defeated Gozumaru with a slash. After that Gozumaru has been defeated, Rikuo says that he always has known about his form during night. Menawhile Kana is looking for Kiyotsugu and Shima, but decide to go back. She then sees Rikuo's glasses, Rikuo in Yokai form has appeared giving Tsurara to Kana, saying that he needs to go somewhere.

### Act 14 Rikuo, Standing on the Summit of Mt. Nejireme (リクオ、捩目山の頂上に立つ, Rikuo, Nejireme Yama no Chōjō ni Tatsu)

Kana don't get it what it happening. Meanwhile what is happening with the girls, the yōkai is talking about them. Natsumi and Saori ask Yura to stop them because the yōkai is talking about them. Natsumi remembers that someone told them about security, which Saori says that Kiyotsugu told the about it. They're running inside the building and sees the button which one of them press on it. After that they pressed on it, they find out that it wasn't a help at all which the yōkai still appear. The yōkai starts to attack them, which a ochimusha protects them because Yura told him. The yōkai is wondering how many Shikigami she is going to release. Mezumaru is pissed about the fact that Gozumaru told him that the group is weaker without Rikuo. Mezumaru then starts to attack Yura, which Yura releases another Shikigami, after the explosion, she says that she is almost at her limit, which she only can defend but which it makes it harder for her to attack. Afterwards, the girls starts to take down Yura, which she is wondering what has happened to them. It turns out that Mezumaru use them like marionette to take down Yura. After he released Tanrō to Yuri, someone starts to attack Mezumaru which he ask who they are. They say that they are the Karasu Tengu clan, which they are now dealing with Mezumaru. At Gyūki's temple, Gyūki is waiting for his subordinates, but Rikuo in yōkai has appeared to battle with Gyūki.

### Act 15 Rikuo, Confronting Gyūki (リクオ、牛鬼と対峙する, Rikuo, Gyūki to Taiji Suru)

Rikuo ask Gyūki once again why he was trying to kill him and ask him what his reason was for his illogical move. Rikuo then says that he was so prudent to that he's known to move "at snail's pace", and ask him if Kyūso was also under his lead. Gyūki ask Rikuo if he defeated Gozumaru, which Gyūki ask Rikuo if his aide was killed or was it his school friend, and ask him if that was the trigger to change in his night form. Gyūki then ask him when it happened and wonders only when the night fell or at his own will. Gyūki then says that he's the one asking the questions and if he feels like it he would take Rikuo's head off, which he puts his blade to Rikuo's neck, which shocked Rikuo. Gyūki ask Rikuo is he could answer his question which he must answer one clearly, if he's not satisfied of his answers he will slice his ears and the lop of his arms. Rikuo then tells Gyūki that he isn't the only one who can make heads fell off if he likes to. Gyūki then ask his question saying when the day comes which makes Rikuo's form change back to normal. Rikuo responds saying that he might. Gyūki then ask Rikuo of he will forget everything about being a Yōkai, which he ask him again if Rikuo can change his form at own will. Gyūki then repeats saying does the "you" here now has any memories of the daytime "you", which Gyūki thinks that Rikuo might be two separated peoples. Rikuo tells Gyūki that he knowns a lot about it and says that he really interest him that much. Gyūki almost cutting Rikuo's neck which make him mad saying that he must answer the question. Rikuo sees several yōkai, which he also sees Gagoze and believes that the others are illusions. Gagoze ask Rikuo what was it when he was killed by him 4 years ago. Hebidayuthen starts to ask Rikuo if he can truly inherit the Nura Clan. Kyūso then ask Rikuo that after the second died, the clan became weaker, which he says that there is no longer order in their world and ask if he can fix it. Gyūki then tells Rikuo that without the Hyakki Yakō aside him that is all what he got. Then Gyūki says that the supreme commander was wrong and ask Rikuo if the blood that he inherit has been rotten. Rikuo then uses "Ougi Meikyō Shisui" to make the three vanish telling Gyūki not to underestimate him and then says that he will answer his question. Rikuo then says that his "will" won't change not since his blood awakened him. He says that he will become the third and will stand above all of them. Meanwhile the Tengu are after Gozumaru and looking for him at the mountains. The battle between Rikuo and Gyūki has been started which Rikuo ask Gyūki what he's going to do after his death. Gyūki simply answers that he also will die.

## Volume 3 Nura Clan General Meeting (奴良組総会, Nura-gumi Sōkai)

### Act 16 Umewakamaru and Gyūki ((梅若丸と牛鬼, Umewakamaru to Gyūki)

When Gyūki was still a human, he was called "Umewakamaru". At the age of 7, he went into a priest service on Mt. Hieil. This was also the last time he had been seen speaking to his mother. While there, he had quickly surpassed his seniors. By the time he was 10 he was well known on Mt. Hiei, which caused a rift to form between him and the other students as their jealousy grew. When he was 12 his eye got injured three times from stones that come out of nowhere. Umkewakamaru learned through those experiences that no one but his mother understood him so he set off to see her. He later left the temple by sneaking out. After he had reached Lake Biwa he encountered two women using lies to make him follow them. They lied about his mother's situation saying she collasped near Lake Biwa and that she was now resting at their mansion. Umewakamaru foolishly follows them but to his surprise they actually bring him to Mt. Nejireme. Mt. Nejireme is the location where the frightful "Gyūki" resides. He attacks right after the encounter. Umewakamaru then says he must not to die before he see his mother one last time. The demon then shows Umewakamaru his mother's corpse, which prompts him to go inside of the demon's mouth. Unable to save her, his resentment towards humans rises. As he burst out of the corpse of the demon he makes a vow stating he will make humans suffer. This the demon "Gyūki" was born, holding onto his mother corpse. Gyūki then created a grave and buries her. In his rage he accumaltes a yōkai army, which he utilizes to attack humans. He piled up corpses as an offering to his mother. As time went on he became to known as the yōkai, Gyūki. Years had passed and he slowly forgot about his mother's love. He continued living and killing as a demon with no remorse. It wasn't until the first generation Nura Clan has been arrived and challenged Gyūki and his servants without hesitation. After 3 days and 3 nights the battle has been settled and the one who has won the battle is the Nura Clan. Nurarihyon then says that he is strong just like the rumors said and ask him to become his comrade. Gyūki knew later that Nurarihyon was testing him. Later they where been seen exchanging Sakazuki. Gyūki never will forget the words what Nurarihyon said to him when they where been exchanging Sakazuki. He then slashed Rikuo, he then tells Rikuo that he must take the path of evil and that he must surpass him, which Rikuo has made his final blow against Gyūki.